ASM feature (#96)
autonity/docs.autonity.org: content/docs/glossary/_index.md

## Auton Currency Unit (ACU) {#acu}
A base-invariant, volatility-minimised index based on a currency basket of 7 free-floating fiat currencies.

The ACU is the _Stabilization Target_ for [Auton](/glossary/#auton) price stability used by the [Auton Stabilization Mechanism (ASM)](/glossary/#asm). 

## Auton Stabilization Mechanism (ASM) {#asm}
The protocol mechanism used to maintain Auton price stability. The _Stabilization Mechanism_ is [CDP](/glossary/#cdp), [Auton](/glossary/#auton) borrowed against [Newton](/glossary/#newton) or [Liquid Newton](/glossary/#liquid-newton) collateral.

## Collateralised Debt Position (CDP) {#cdp}
A [smart contract](/glossary/#smart-contract) based lending mechanism where collateral is deposited and locked in a smart contract to borrow another token-based asset. CDP's operate subject to collateral requirements and may be liquidated if the lender fails to maintain, i.e. breaches, the collateral conditions of the CDP.

> CDP's are used by the [Auton Stabilization Mechanism (ASM)](/glossary/#asm) to borrow [Auton](/glossary/#auton) against [Newton](/glossary/#newton) or [Liquid Newton](/glossary/#liquid-newton) collateral.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [smart contract](/glossary/#smart-contract) based lending mechanism where collateral is deposited and locked in a smart contract to borrow another token-based asset. CDPs operate subject to collateral requirements and may be liquidated if the lender fails to maintain, i.e. breaches, the collateral conditions of the CDP.

CDPs are used by the [Auton Stabilization Mechanism (ASM)](/glossary/#asm) to borrow [Auton](/glossary/#auton) against [Newton](/glossary/#newton) or [Liquid Newton](/glossary/#liquid-newton) collateral.
```
